you won your first NBA title as rookie
35 years ago in what what might have
been I minded the greatest performance
ever do you what do you remember most
about that that game six that final game
of that series well you know I had to
talk to coach him to let me start at
center because he said no way you can
play Center his Kareem was injured
because with every meal the league's
right he dominated the league it's game
six
we go to Philly I say I can play sooner
I can and so he go to jump the ball and
there cenek Kyle well Jones looks at me
and says you're kidding me like you know
I can't do this uh-huh I only went out
and scored 42 points 15 so I guess I
could do it a little bit anyway but he
laid everyone's in that game yes I did I
was just blessed but also Jamal Wilks
had a great game and Jim Jones and you
know everybody when you want a
championship everybody really has to
play their best game and even the role
players have to play better we saw that
with New England you know everybody had
to step up their game who would have
thought the young man of rookie
intercepts the ball I don't write game
and so it's amazing when the pressure is
on who loves to play up under that
pressure and who will make plays up
under that you love that pressure oh I
love it I love it yeah I think if I was
an athlete I would hate that pressure I
I crumble under pressure if I on the
rare occasion I will play golf with
somebody at the end says okay we're
gonna bet on this the putt I'll you know
putt like 11 times if I will fall to
pieces but I can't believe that the way
you handle the crowd your monologue and
it jokes are one thing oh it's of
athleticism or an entirely okay you got
me on that one
the Patriots I think had at their
victory party they had Rick Ross and
pitbull Flo Rida performing at that
party what did you guys have bands like
that when you'd win a title
I know snow bands but I tell you the
coolest thing happened our cool party
was Jack Nicholson came out in the
height of his career now he was a super
super superstar still is who still is
yeah but he came out and party with us
at our party after we won the
championship against the Celtics and we
were looking like that's Jack Nicholson
dancing beside those you know it was
just coolest thing to have him there
party money because I would imagine Jack
partying with you almost every night of
that I mean I mean I would think that
would be a regular when he came to the
game Jimmy but you know there's one
thing to come to the games and cheer for
you yeah and it's another thing to be
sitting right there besides you at a
party and him having drinks with you and
then all of a sudden we all under dance
floor that's a that was the coolest
thing I called everybody back home in
Lansing Michigan said I was partying
with Jack Nick hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
thanks for watching it means a lot to me
and if you'd like to take our
relationship to the next level click the
subscribe button below I'll wait for you